Meeting #8, we were perusing all
the other teams work under the
cover of research.
Oh yeah, yes.
See, this is done so we can look
at to see if it's up to scratch.
Yeah yes, yes it was going to be
compared. That's what we want.
OK, let's see this one.
Hi Daniel, I just used Mattie's
old feedback from the moment.
Yeah yeah why not?
I thought it will fill
the blank space, yeah?
This GitHub does not have
no agenda, says, we found
Maddie's fate.
Yes so.
I reckon we should just, you
know, type their name into
that contribution sheet. I
think we just leave it
unsigned for her. She'll still
get her grade if that's what
we all the rest of us get on
anyway, yeah, yeah, cool.
Main page how should I guess
'cause we can't get it to do
spark? But anyway so yeah.
Well, maybe should respond
class and surprises. Who
knows? That would be cool.
Interesting.
So yeah, I think I'm gonna
be. Yeah, just doing the
project bit till about 11.
You can check the website as I
go. I don't don't think there's
any issue with that.
I did. This is this is
Patrick's Patrick's great, but
I'm looking at the moment so
fair as well.
It's yeah, terrible.
Buddy drop out like it's legit a
template to with no content. Did
we missed the memo?
I think that is just dumb dummy
websites it throws off.
Um?
So you might have added some
stuff, but it's still
missing everything.
It's just it's still a template.
That other website link. Why is
that? Looks like early Learning
Center web page or something.
Yeah, it's just installing
template to yeah.
Lock that planning to put stuff
in machining but. Yeah, the
kitchen website. It's a kitchen
website, is it?
Yeah, I think I've actually
added that like.
I don't know that I'm assuming
that is the actual idea that
they're going for.
The project idea, but
they haven't added.
Boy, I wish there were more
transparent on who dropped out
of the course so we could
understand why they were good on
assignment two and then now on
three. They've all turned to
**** Yeah, I mean the updated
their drop down tabs to include
where the content will be, but
there's no content in those tabs
at all. This Christ, they've got
different languages. They've got
the other all in Spanish. All
the templates that tend to be in
Spanish or Latin.
Oh yeah, Tempest, forget there
would be Latin.
Maybe they will finish it all up
in the last three hours as well.
It's a lot of work, but then
again, if you look at ours good
hours and now it now and then
you tell me that ours doesn't
look any better. I guess This is
why this is way better and it's
not a template just like his V.
Sydney right out like they got
everything to the last minute.
I'm like, yeah. Written report I
can see what they feel it. Why
isn't my copy and paste working
tonight see a lot of people do
their website before the report
so. Are some of these groups? I
think we're doing the reports,
then the website.
Let's see who else can
we look at?
Does Barnes Group and it was
Patrick's group? What other
group did you ever look at?
Then looked up.
We looked at a mobile, can't
remember there anymore.
When you're 25, if everybody
know I dropped out.
The well I was looking at my
next group and it's like 6
people in it and that's it.
Maybe maybe they got their 50%
in there. Like yeah I'm done.
This is good enough. **** this.
Baby. Let's see, let me look
at this time, no?
Faulted this time I found it
3 in Assignment 5 away 60 or
50% combined.
Let's just pedals IO focused
more on their presentation
rather than the report. Isn't
the presentation worth more?
A special 2020 20% maybe they
just thought if they win the
presentation that surpassed.
My body feel sorry for some of
these groups. Still have two
members in there or one group
has one member like that. Feels
bad man. So they were going to
combine the groups where that
happened. What is that good?
Let's have a look at.
Look at this one 'cause this
guys in my programming class.
Just gotta find him first.
Robert.
Say I have one job on the
website. Nice what?
Robert Harris there you are.
S20
pen
Probably watch this video and go
she we need something better
without privacy, yeah?
GitHub is
2086480 OK.
Back to GitHub search.
What does violating privacy
right now? I will re
pose like that public public
unless you're hiding.
Yes, I doubt we could. Hard as I
could have hidden hours, but I
could didn't bother if they
spied on us or whatnot because.
Well, if if they've ripped off
our template, then the tutors
would see that. Yeah, but I
ripped off our website like.
So to give you an idea what I'm
doing Daniel, and to give
whoever watch this video and
audio. You can look at the
groups to see who's there
comprised of and you can
actually search. You can search
that name in Ms Teams, which
will give you the student number
because because assignment one
we had to put our student number
in. You can search repose that
contain that student number,
which will then give you their
repo name. And then you can.
Then you can search what
repository is they've worked on
and then convert that into a
website to see what they were.
So it looks like, yes, good.
I'll get her page is a yeah.
So.
I got this one here.
So I'm at three.
ETA's are in my tea.
Or you know, like it, if they
named it like we did, it's just
easy because he's gonna look for
the cofc on GitHub, but also
make houses obvious so they
think. So we could have bragging
rights. But they all gave him
weird names in like.
This one is 80 slash US
assignment three 'cause
they can't read.
I didn't read the thing, but and
then the shooters don't really
care. And it's only slightly
painful. They change their index
or something else, but.
Majority of the time it
works fine except for this
one that's not looking, not
finding anything.
'cause there may have some
trouble with people is not
working out GitHub pages.
And had to share their website.
What the index there?
Latest RMIT.
Dot.
GitHub dot IO.
Delete, delete, delete.
Flash HTML
index. There
is fat it.
Now there is actually looking
half done which is good. Got a
link on the industry data. I've
seen the main page anyway right
there still got industry that
are on there so they still have
industry data so I'm assuming
they may not have.
Asian updated it, updated it.
They may have to, yeah.
1.
They have not. Upgraded day.
Why not? Yeah, that's still
assignment is never mind.
Done nothing with
it.
The items in
that day too.
They got their Sigma use so they
have put some stuff on there
using figure as well. Oh crap, I
put this in the wrong one. ****
me, we gotta **** That's
alright. I'm sure they won't get
this long in the video.
They do have a.
Decent amount of photos.
Actually made it like
what the hell?
What is it like in
Raspberry Pi car?
Looks like it.
Maybe somebody already made it.
Hi baby.
Well, that's OK, though.
Yeah, it's Raspberry Pi thing.
Yeah yeah, it's for hooking that
talk about this in the other
Discord chat the other day about
hooking up Raspberry Pi to your
car. Yeah, to use it instead of
a head unit, yeah?
They've taken all the input from
every other student to make
their project work.
That is like you know, if I
don't wanna use my head you
don't wanna use Raspberry Pi.
What's the best way to go about
it? Obviously people told him
then there yeah there is there
research done? It's like we
asked leading industry experts
how to do this.
She attended interesting.
Good idea though, so anyway.
We could have done that.
Then everybody would just would
have stolen ID. Yeah, time frame
tables better than this.
So that it that is their
assessment 3. Then yeah, that's
the assessment 3.
Oh wow. Why do we put in so much
work? At least approach the
project plan is.
Why should they probably just
updated their project plan and
left everything else, but you
didn't have to remove everything
else can just add to it, but I I
thought it would be better if we
made a whole new one. Just
cleared out the junk that we
didn't act. They are missing.
I did alright.
The bit of content in there.
Yeah, they got a pretty much in
the same as on path for our.
Job things too. They might
have a little bit extra in
there, but.
Well, that's OK.
Like at least two
assignments are going to get
handed in today, maybe.
Oh, that's their name at us that
makes sense, yeah, yeah.
How did I mess it
up? I don't know where they
took everything out of our
books, but they've actually
put all their videos. I have
that. No, they haven't. It's
just screenshots, never mind.
I thought they also uploaded
their meeting videos to the
website, but.
Jewish, the screenshot.
Dinner is good.
The. That said,
that guy looks like he knows how
to party. Truck.
Second, are you looking at the
same page? Yeah, at us. Their
second photo, the Dude, the big
guy never. The beard long hair.
Oh yeah, yeah yeah, it looks
like he knows how to party.
Reminds me of silent Bob.
From James Oliver.
In the first photo that guys
looks like CD's help anyway.
Honda Nice, at least here then
done pretty well 'cause I know
that he was complaining the
other night about. You know, two
people have just stopped doing
work completely on it, so.
Yeah, we got four people
working at the moment.
Yeah.
Yeah, must be pretty common in
this course, but groups to fall
apart. I found in like my
diploma course everybody drops
out in the first 2 units.
After like the first six months,
then it stabilizes and that's
who you gonna have any course.
But then they went as far as
actually hooking up their
project idea to occur.
Probably 'cause he was gonna do
one anyway. Yeah, I'm assuming
as a pet project of his like I
wouldn't do that because of
already you know started
ripping. Yeah, and I've got the
Raspberry Pi here and I've got
the screen here and why not?
Probably already logged in.
You can't just make that case
from nothing, probably was like
look guys, this is what I've
done at home before. Let's just
pretend like I have another one
and. Scoping start.
But anyway, we had with what we
have done, there's nothing when
you're doing the report. There's
nothing missing, is it?
Uh. No, if someone
wants to update the tool stuff
for me just like 'cause I wrote
that **** last time and I
haven't updated it. Do we leave
that or does somebody want to
update it? I just don't think we
used anything else to do.
What we didn't use much else,
did we? No, I mean like 'cause I
put like. Right there I put my
comments. Microsoft Teams is
used as primary means of primary
means of communication.
Collaboration for our team.
Get older child does not
accurately reflect our groups
overall. Black girl, yeah, I
don't think it is fine to leave
it in as soon.
I can't be bothered changing,
yeah yeah. Specially curated
cushion I mean.
It's going to be the same, I
just don't have time to write
it. I've got time there in. I
don't have time to write it.
Not be. Honestly for the five
markets worth.
5% I got it. Yeah they give us
one. Markers were used it
already. Yeah, I'm pretty sure
like that. The actual listing of
the tools is worth maybe 1% of
the 5%. No, yeah, it's horrible.
I still gotta do that Discord
export again as well.
Listen better stuff in the
discord this time. Maybe?
I should never volunteer to do
the report and the website every
game, yeah? Well, I'm assuming
most of the other courses will
be Sala Terry work.
Yeah.
What is?
What are the next two courses?
Are you doing two more units?
Shannon Straight after like in
another yeah well and from what
I can read them their single
work. Do it yourself. So what
are you doing right now? You
starting to this week?
Yeah, I'm starting on user
centered design and.
Something else. Um?
Dad database concepts.
So going into SQL.
Kind of queries and **** Yeah, I
don't know any of that stuff so
you can ask me.
You're just saying that.
You don't wanna be bothered.
You can ask me then I'll then
I'll be sitting here like
damn I should just be doing
those subjects as well.
But then if I was and gave, it
gave you the have exceeded the
double. Like why are you work
very similar to each other?
So I've got a mid term test on
Christmas Day. It's it's
available on the 22nd of
December and you own Christmas.
Can you give him like the finger
emoji for that one? It's pretty
****** ** Just like an online
chat thing, so yeah.
Then it's not like this is for.
User center design. There's a
assignment, one which is a
design survey and then
assignment two has two parts.
30 twenty 2015 I don't know
where the rest of it.
Try it.
3020 twenty 3040
30 Thanks toys in your test.
Let me guess, the other test is
on New Year's Day.
Don't know why 'cause well like
one must be another test at the
end because it only equals 85%
at the moment. Come.
Well maybe 85% so you can get.
Me.
403 forbidden code on ya.
Oh yeah, put up three jobs in.
This isn't as fast as I thought
it would be.
And then. The other one is
legit. History is on. It's it's,
um. Alright, maybe attest to you
because the title and the equals
75%, which doesn't make sense.
Unless now hold up, never mind,
that's out of 25.
So yeah, 100% title.
See through science.
Which
include.
Yeah, it's like
they all look
singular word for
now anyway. When I'm not no
more group stuff for a bit, I'm
just spins Sonic 3. Here it is
spamming is right now.
Just in the chat. How is the
online test for intro to
programming? Let's go with that.
There was an online test. No, it
doesn't actually open up till
Monday, so I can't do it for
next week. Alright, so yeah, I'm
not doing that. And that's like
20% high 15.
So I submitted my first
assignment.
What the **** Um?
There it is I.
Submitted my dirt assignment
today which is worth 25.
But if I get 25% on that one, it
will have. I 85% already. So is
it worth while taking the test?
Is there a difference
between 80% and 100%
so HD no matter what?
You want to at least do it for
fun and see if you can just
smash it out in like 5 minutes
and then get like 80% anyway. Or
I could just troll the **** out
of it. How do you like
emails? Make something
random student.
What's that? Are you getting all
the email spam from Canvas and
RMIT about welcoming their new
students? Because you are older
than you subjects? Yeah it's.
What the **** say, honey?
404 not found.
404 not found was four 4 not
found. I just posted another
group's website link and doesn't
like that. It's it's
just.
Broken, there's nothing in it.
That Patrick. I don't even know
who that is, so it's like the
first is that this Group One.
Yeah.
Well, they broke it.
Yeah.
Oh They show anyway, apart
from that one competition isn't
very strong. I'd say we're
probably pretty much going to be
on par with that other one
maybe. Put some work into night
next to two points in the grave.
Connect to work, just assume.
Just assuming everyone
else is just.
I just filled it with friends.
Stuff quietly, legit
stuff at the moment.
Yeah, I probably drop out of the
whole course if I had to redo
this unit. So.
Sorry if you failed, you have to
read that they found me on this
unit. I'm just gonna go
straight. Well, we gotta
do. Graphic designer.
Yeah, I'm going to graphic
design or something.
Again. No, definitely not worth
doing it again.
Probably why but gave up near
the end. There is like I can't
believe I actually started this
all over again. I just put it
down. Everyone was bored. Fans
stuck at home.
Then I realized how much
******** an online course put
you through. Where do I sign
with the programming one like
the two people there like? One
of 'em's are retired primary
school teacher. There was just
doing introduction to
programming just for the hell of
it. Just the one subject. And
yeah, just the one subject and
Rob. He's seen one of them once
there, he's he's doing the full
bachelors course, but.
These are toying too, so I don't
know why he just wants to do it
because he's got nothing else to
do. He's in his life in
retirement, so in retirement is
bored. He just wants to do
something. You'll never earn
over the threshold again, so
it's just a government right
off. Yeah yeah, sure.
I'm only doing it for the piece
of paper out, yeah?
If they try to get me to do 1
unit again, I'll be like that.
Have you checked? Are you said
your chance? I'm outta here.
Bonner almost
can't be
bothered updating
the website. Maybe I
should just dropped out right
now that I don't have to.
I haven't looked at everyone
else is is. I'm here. I'm sure
if I dropped out right now, you
guys would be able to finish
this well would whip something
together. Probably already got
enough to let his passing grade.
But without even without, I
suppose if you didn't finish
your website as long as I've
written part was done, yeah, you
should still get a good grade
because the website goes on par
with the presentation like the
overall design. You know how
well it looks. That's it, yeah?
The main but they want is
that written bit.
Come to think of it, if that's
the case, why bother?
We need extra 5% man.
Just 5% of website presentation
just in case it's key and get
that HD just now. Just in case
we destroy now foresee that 45%
Mark. Made the pass. I am no
good. I'm just gonna tell him I
feel ******* And less, I asked
me why they didn't want, why
didn't do it earlier? I would
like I just wanted to be in a
group. To see how it works.
I wanted to share some
knowledge.
Why did it do that? did I say
I was gonna do it?
So do you like the new drop down
the dropout on the menu that I
added idea, yeah?
Is it better than what it was
before I kept the old one as
well? I like having both in
there, yeah. Yes, I guess it's
easier. Or maybe it might be
easier for him. That's why I was
thinking maybe just add it so
yeah, didn't take much effort.
Just in case, I mean I can
always, you know. I think any
extra feature will be like an
extra mark. Thank you, so I'll
be like. Just wanted to add some
stuff so it didn't look like you
know we didn't do anything on
the website except change the
content. And the buttons don't
forget. But Oh yeah, I made sure
the button was green.
Had to be a little bit if.
Ma'am, I ask is now been sitting
in this chair all day.
So what's left on the website?
What the projector dip their
project idea part? Or I've gotta
do the whole project section?
Yeah, that's gotta be renamed.
Everything else is done over.
There is just a project section.
Yeah, I think I've gotta update.
The graphing tools.
I am the marketing manager.
Yeah, I'm doing that now and
project, so yeah.
Finishing that up by other
footwear for their reflections.
All done. Yeah, thank you look
good. It's good I'm actually
going to, you know, after this
meeting, read through everything
to make sure but you Grammarly,
Grammarly, everything, did you,
yeah? Driving lead the **** out
of it. I wonder if I pick up
that as a spelling mistake or
not. You tried to say I grammar
leader and it grabs here and
Grammarly over it for me.
It would be like, yes, that's
the way it is. Listening to the
meeting. Like these guys can't
even talk English would have
probably need it. My program we
don't. English we don't confuse
different ******* language. We
don't do English. No.
Speak binary. Or short wait
weeks we short we short English
or sitting there the other day
thinking 'cause I was.
Tell me about 10 minutes. I was
thinking of the word investors,
right, but I couldn't think of
it. Just sitting there going.
People you get money from like I
had actually Google. It looks
like the money for the people
that give you money for projects
investors like **** Yeah.
I've got heaps of word
since high school.
This crap. My daughter
is Year 5.
Spelling words I don't even know
who they are.
What I can remember one
of 'em was.
I was like, what the hell is
that? What does that mean?
I had to Google how to spell
like simple words that I'm
pretty sure I knew how to spell
once with you when you're too
lazy to use spell check it, you
just go. I do that all the time,
like I really can't be bothered
spelling out that word. Yeah, so
just leave. But I'm like, yeah
it was right. Yeah, wait for
Google to say did you mean blah
blah? That's why I don't like to
wear everyone reports he does is
just. You know you'll see me
right, she didn't. There is
typing this one sentence and
then all of a sudden presses the
dictate button. Yep, that's it.
That's what I thought.
I need to spell anymore.
I I also use Google to find
better words for things. So
yeah, I don't wanna sit down
right now. I've used that word
too many times. What's another
word for that word?
So some suggestions user. Yeah,
what's better? What's another
way of saying this comes up and
there's like? Yeah, there is no
better way of saying that is
rest. Rest of them are pretty
sure, yeah. Why have you
some weak ones that you know
I know with the wrong word
to use, but I was like I bet
you nobody picks up on it
and they think it's amazing.
What are questions some of the
longer words are using phrases.
I'm like, I'm pretty sure I'm
using that in the right context,
but I'm not sure of that. Word
means what I think it means.
Disappointed with this fun.
You gotta do your presentations
in the different courses.
And I expected to use like
PowerPoint or whatever in my
deployment. They didn't. They
said you could do a
presentation. It could be power
point, it could be visual where
you record it and everybody in
the course did the PowerPoint
presentation and they had to do
the voice overs and all the
transitions and **** And then
here's me with a webcam holding
a poster pointing at CHIP and
I'm getting full marks for the
credit. Whenever I have, people
couldn't get it on like it.
You're doing it wrong.
I don't care how you do it, just
as long as you give him the
information, but if you use
PowerPoint, they expect you to
use all the features.
Yeah, that's why you.
So you know minimal effort,
maximum grade. But I want my
philosophy to be yeah.
Yeah so kinda the shooter event
he's like. Why don't you just
use your webcam? If you don't
wanna sit there doing a
PowerPoint presentation. I
will give full Max is like
yeah we don't specify that
that you can't. We just say
if you're gonna use this
you gotta do this and this.
I like school.
I'm pretty
damn good
here.
What you have all that knocked
over in 10 minutes or so minutes
or so? 30 minutes just to do
like 3 body jobs.
10 minutes.
Anyway, I don't know what you
guys are smoking, but you're
gonna have to give me some of 10
minutes. I think you're there.
I've done the project manager.
It's a good gym.
No, nothing can stop recording
this one. Yeah, I'm gonna keep
skulking on these websites then.
We can keep the whole meeting
Saginaw. Sorry, so who was
chairing this meeting?
No soccer not.
I've already done the agenda for
it, so I'll just finish off the
actions. That would be.
The competitions website of
Finish finish working at a
gender and upload them my tea
too long. Firstly there stop the
recording. Stop recording now.